Build/local maven for development (#53)
holochain/android-service-runtime: CHANGELOG.md

- Minor fixes for android-service-runtime to get it working again
- Add function `isReady` to check that the conductor is available, expose in client and tauri-plugin-holochain-service
- Move uniffi-bindgen cli tool for generating bindings into its own crate, remove from *-ffi crates (see https://mozilla.github.io/uniffi-rs/0.27/tutorial/foreign_language_bindings.html#running-uniffi-bindgen-using-a-library-file-recommended)
- Commands and setup for publishing kotlin library to local maven repo. All other projects will check local maven repo *before* Maven Central.

> - Android app logs warnings and errrors to android system logs.

Author: ```suggestion
- Android app logs warnings and errors to android system log.
```
